GDG DevFest Hyderabad 2017 has been announced! The 6th edition of the biggest conference about Google technologies in Hyderabad will take on **October 7**.

That means that it is time to open [call for talk submissions](https://goo.gl/KoHXXh). If you are passionate about your work and want to share your experience with the biggest tech audience from in and around Hyderabad, you knocked on the right door.

**Last year DevFest broke all expectations** of the audience, speakers, and even our ones. With **92% of satisfied attendees**, we can claim that GDG DevFest Hyderabad 2016 was a great success.


To keep up this year, we decided to focus on the content. **We’re looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.
<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://goo.gl/KoHXXh" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>

<br/>

### Why is it cool to be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend the conference? Here are our top 3 reasons to [submit a proposal](https://goo.gl/KoHXXh).

1. **It is good for your career.** By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to a potential business partners or employers.
2. **It is good for the company you’re working for.** Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company’s public image.
3. **Unique networking.** Being a speaker means you’ll have unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.

<br/>

### Themes and topics – what do we expect?

Our team prepared set of interesting topics in but if you have any cool idea you want to share not from this list, feel free to submit it as well.

#### Android
* New features in N (multi-window, notifications, Java 8)
* Kotlin
* RxJava
* Data Binding
* Testing and Architecture best practices (MVP, MVVP, Clean Architecture)

#### Web
* Progressive Web Apps
* Polymer
* Service Workers
* Physical Web
* RAIL

#### Cloud
* Machine Learning (TensorFlow, Vision API, Speech API, etc.)
* Big Data (PubSub, BigQuery, Dataflow)
* Firebase
* Kubernetes

<br/>

**Call for Papers will stay open until September 20th, 2017.** Don’t miss out :)

<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://goo.gl/KoHXXh" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>
<br/>

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting talk proposals and informs the selected submitters until September 25th, 2017.

Any questions? Email organizers at [gdevghyd@gmail.com](mailto:gdevghyd@gmail.com)



